todo.md, before:

## Context Project

section-10-context

1. Make context work

2. Refactor reducer to handle all of the state inside of the form component.

## HTTP Project

1. Add try catch and error handling for POSTing movies

## Custom Hook Project

section-15-custom-hooks-http

1. Refactor code to make flexiable.
   1. Currently we are putting to much logic in our custom hook. custom hook should only handle http request. all will be specific to that component.
2. Watch this: https://academind.com/tutorials/function-bind-event-execution
   1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBdH0iB1VDM (call, apply, bind)
3. Go over useEffect() and useCallback() and understand how to use dependences.
   1. Also take notes on how to use each dependences array.

## Advance Redux

advance-redux

1. setup a dummy firebase to send HTTP requests to.

## HW

https://academind.com/tutorials/reactjs-a-custom-useform-hook

## React Router

1. Look at custom hooks
2. go over http costume hook again
3. Form Validation custom hook for final project
4. Deploy this app in the deploy section
5. fix responsive design
6. upgrad to react router v6 do on Dec 4th

## Redux and Context

1. Make a food order app that uses redux instead of context (our full scale project meets this requirement)
2. All redux projects shopping cart apps, re-do them using context, add any custom hooks as well.
3. Fix responsivness in redux and context shopping cart apps.

Commit message:

Fixed comment api methods to have the correct format for data, completed comments feature, tested comments

todo.md, after:

## Context Project

section-10-context

1. Make context work

2. Refactor reducer to handle all of the state inside of the form component.

## HTTP Project

1. Add try catch and error handling for POSTing movies

## Custom Hook Project

section-15-custom-hooks-http

1. Refactor code to make flexiable.
   1. Currently we are putting to much logic in our custom hook. custom hook should only handle http request. all will be specific to that component.
2. Watch this: https://academind.com/tutorials/function-bind-event-execution
   1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBdH0iB1VDM (call, apply, bind)
3. Go over useEffect() and useCallback() and understand how to use dependences.
   1. Also take notes on how to use each dependences array.

## Advance Redux

advance-redux

1. setup a dummy firebase to send HTTP requests to.

## HW

https://academind.com/tutorials/reactjs-a-custom-useform-hook

## React Router

1. Look at custom hooks
2. go over http costume hook again
3. Form Validation custom hook for final project
4. Deploy this app in the deploy section
5. fix responsive design
6. upgrad to react router v6 do on Dec 4th
7. See if you can create a hook for the loading, error, and display repeated code in the following components:
   a. Comments, NewComments, whatever quote components have similar logic

## Redux and Context

1. Make a food order app that uses redux instead of context (our full scale project meets this requirement)
2. All redux projects shopping cart apps, re-do them using context, add any custom hooks as well.
3. Fix responsivness in redux and context shopping cart apps.
